hi I'm Mike and today we're working on
this 99 Lincoln Navigator and the
complaint is it has a weird sound coming
from the rear if I shake the vehicle up
and down like this you can hear the
noise just like a knockin type of
squeaky sound so I'm gonna get in her
car and investigate what the sound is
and hopefully find it alright well I did
what I got underneath the vehicle and
had someone shake the car up and down
and what I found was the rear shocks the
bushing is worn out where the boat goes
through so we're going to have to
replace both of those they're both bad
actually
Disney vehicles equipped with an air
suspension and while we're down there
we're going to look at the other
components and make sure everything is
good
okay and in order to remove these shacks
is to bolts on the top one of them
they're 18 millimeter nuts and 18
millimeter headed bolts this one
actually has a nut that separate this
one is a welded nut on top so I have to
do is remove the bolt you have to worry
about the nut side here's the old shack
is on a vehicle and other than the
bushings being bed is also a bad shock
anyway why I push it all up again pretty
much this one's a stay down comes up
real slow so he's a root be replaced
after I got these bolt out and in the
shock I took a look at this boat and I
see that it's real worn out where it
sits inside of this bushing here and I
fired it prior to problem because it's
real loose in there that's probably part
of the sound that we we're hearing so
not only are we going to replace the
shocks when I replace the bolt so
because if you take a look if you zoom
in and take a look at this you'll see
it's pretty worn out so we're just going
to go ahead and replace it
one trick that I like to do
before I cut this is I like to install
the top bolt and on this way I don't
have to push it up when it comes out I'm
just going to try to see if I can get
this bolt plane look so I have to play
around with the China get it
you get the frame or move that long
that's it that's all there is to
changing your shacks just two bolts top
and bottom tighten them up and that's it
you're good to go
all right we got the new shacks in here
and we got it back on the ground with
the wheels on and I should take a listen
sounds a whole lot better than it is so
this repair is well done and if you
tackle this job it's not a hard job just
take your time and I was too bulky site
18 millimeters and that's it get the new
ones in and you're all good